BUILD.md: add note to not use sudo when running waf (#24286)
ArduPilot/ardupilot: BUILD.md

cd ardupilot
```

You can also read more about the build system in the
[Waf Book](https://waf.io/book/).

> waf should always be called from the ardupilot checkout's root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
waf should always be called from the locally cloned ardupilot root directory for the local GIT branch you are trying to build from.
```
